I want to sort this off by saying I know
exactly what this video is because it's
a little bit of an update but at the
same time sharing an experience I had
with you guys so so this video up I want
to explain why it is I haven't been
coming out with as many videos lately
now the reason for this is simply just
because it's extremely difficult to
balance painting with shooting and
editing videos for you guys because both
of these things are extremely
time-consuming however painting kind of
takes priority because if I don't paint
than I don't have any footage to record
for you guys and for those of you guys
who enjoy the graffiti related videos
you may be saying John you don't even
paint on the graffiti related videos so
why don't you record those well the
reason for that is because once again I
need to paint that's gonna be the career
I go down and the more I do these
paintings the more work I have to show
in the more work I have to show the more
walls I'm allowed to paint at which
brings me to say I did get an invite to
a wall so I'm not exactly sure when i'll
be painting that but I do look to paying
that before the summer is over if not at
any point you know soon just I'm not
gonna go ahead throw any dates out there
just soon hopefully and don't get me
wrong I'm not gonna stop making videos I
have a bunch of huge plans for my
channel mine order for my channel to
expand the way I wanted to expand my
graffiti and find out both need to find
success within themselves and that's
what I'm working on right now next up I
went to New York over the weekend and I
had absolutely the most amazing time
ever now folks we've got your farm an
Instagram you would have known I was
ready head down there and the reason I
went down there was to go ahead and look
at some galleries and I would have
brought my camera with me but this is my
first time going to these very formal
galleries and I didn't exactly know what
to expect so excited to lead the camera
at home and next time I go I'll go ahead
and bring the cam with me so i can
record some footage for you guys if you
guys have the opportunity to go see
artwork in person do it it's so much
different so much better to see a
painting in person rather than see
online I mean sure online you see these
amazing amazing paintings but you can't
get up close to the pain you can't step
away from the pain you can't really look
at the painting for what it is and I
know that may not sound right that may
not make a lot of sense if you haven't
seen artwork in person but there's truly
something different about it now while
also in New York I saw a bunch of
different paintings and i know i have a
very realistic sense of my artwork I
know where I stand in my skill level for
my artwork I don't have some skewed
perspective thinking I'm better than I
am or worse than I am so
while looking at some of these paintings
I did kind of think that my artwork
could hold up to some of these other
paintings in some of the galleries
however there were just some paintings
there that owe me out the war and kind
of put my mind in a state of shock it
really was a humbling experience overall
now this whole entire realization of
this the whole entire exposure to this
level to this caliber of artwork is
still being digested in my brain and I
noticed now I look at my paintings after
that whole experience and I'm kind of
expecting more of myself that the
standard I was holding myself up to
before isn't good enough anymore it's
not something I'm satisfied with now one
of the things that really blew me away
aside from the paintings was when I was
in one of these galleries and I was
casually looking at the paintings when a
couple walked into the gallery they're
looking at these paintings the same way
I am there there's kind of you know
glancing around and after they're done
glancing around they stopped one of the
people who worked there at the gallery
and they start asking him for in-depth
information about the painting like what
size is the painting what was the
painting painted with what is painted on
what techniques were used to make the
painting and all this other stuff and
they do this for a few different
paintings when out of nowhere they
decide to buy one painting for thirty
three thousand dollars they casually
dropped thirty three thousand dollars
that to me absolutely blew my mind like
I know paintings sell for that much but
to be able to sit there and witness how
that all went down was just not only an
eye-opening experience but it was kind
of a privilege because I imagine that
this doesn't happen throughout the day
you just don't get customers walking in
and out of your gallery continuously
buying art work like that and not only
that I also witnessed in art auction go
down which was another amazing thing
because they were once again buying
paintings for tens of thousands of
dollars I don't know guys I'm still
mentally trying to digest all this
information and hopefully I'll be able
to apply some of it to my paintings my
apologies that I wasn't able to record
for you guys or that chose not to record
for you guys I definitely definitely
definitely intend to bring you guys some
footage next time I go to some of these
galleries and it's kind of where I'll
take my channel I want to bring you guys
to galleries I want to bring you guys to
shows maybe do interviews with other
artists gallery owners or whatever the
case may be while still bring you guys
the typical weekly whoops with the
typical graffiti videos as well as bring
you guys
walls for groupies and events for
graffiti that's kind of production I
want to take much adalynn but once again
to do that I need to paint and painting
takes up a lot of time which means i
need to cut back on the videos sometimes
so if i go a long period without a video
I'm not dead I'm not arrested I'm not
gone I'm not done making videos I'm just
getting on my grind so I can go ahead
and bring you guys some new different
kind of content anyway I want to thank
you guys as always for watching I
greatly appreciate it if you enjoyed
this video we should show me by clicking
that like button and for those of you
guys who are new here be sure to
subscribe for more fine art and graffiti
videos I'll see you guys next time but
until then peace what we have here is a
demonstration of how a warm light casks
cool shadows the same way a cool light
would cast